README.md, before:

# Basic SPA

For steps on how to work with this repository [please see here](https://docs.labs.lambdaschool.com/labs-spa-starter/)

🚫 Note: All lines that start with 🚫 are instructions and should be deleted before this is posted to your first Pull-Request is merged. This is intended to be a guideline. Feel free to add your own flare to it.

# Apollo Team B

You can find the deployed project at [🚫URL NAME GOES HERE](🚫copy and paste URL here).

## Contributors

🚫Add contributor info below, make sure add images and edit the social links for each member. Add to or delete these place-holders as needed

|                                                      [Nick Myers](https://github.com/nicholas-myers)                                                       |                                                       [Justin Lohner](https://github.com/jslohner)                                                        |                                                      [Student 3](https://github.com/)                                                       |                                                       [Student 4](https://github.com/)                                                        |                                                      [Student 5](https://github.com/)                                                       |
| :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| [<img src="https://www.dalesjewelers.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/placeholder-silhouette-male.png" width = "200" />](https://github.com/) | [<img src="https://www.dalesjewelers.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/placeholder-silhouette-female.png" width = "200" />](https://github.com/) | [<img src="https://www.dalesjewelers.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/placeholder-silhouette-male.png" width = "200" />](https://github.com/) | [<img src="https://www.dalesjewelers.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/placeholder-silhouette-female.png" width = "200" />](https://github.com/) | [<img src="https://www.dalesjewelers.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/placeholder-silhouette-male.png" width = "200" />](https://github.com/) |
|                                [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/)                                |                            [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/honda0306)                             |                          [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/Mister-Corn)                           |                          [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/NandoTheessen)                           |                           [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/wvandolah)                            |
|                [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                |                 [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                 |                [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                |                 [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                 |                [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                |

<br>
<br>

🚫 Optional examples of using images with links for your tech stack, make sure to change these to fit your project

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/doctrine/orm.svg)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-v16.7.0--alpha.2-blue.svg)
![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)

🚫 more info on using badges [here](https://github.com/badges/shields)

- Fork and clone the repo to install it as your own remote.
  - **note** please [be sure to set your remote](https://help.github.jp/enterprise/2.11/user/articles/changing-a-remote-s-url/) for this repo to point to your Labs Team Front End Repository.
- run: `npm install` to download all dependencies.
- run: `npm start` to start your local development server.

> When using Okta for authentication, the app will need to run locally on port 3000.

### Key Features

- A user can view a dashboard.
- feature two
- feature three
- feature four
- feature five

#### Front end deployed to `🚫insert service here`

#### [Back end](🚫link to back end repo here) built using:

#### 🚫 back end framework goes here

- point one
- point two
- point three

🚫 List the rest of the back end end features and libraries in the same format as the framework above

# APIs

## OKTA

Using Okta for frontend. Researching how to use on backend with Java.

## Misc API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

You can do anything your heart can imagine. In life you need colors. This is where you take out all your hostilities and frustrations. It's better than kicking the puppy dog around and all that so. I'm sort of a softy, I couldn't shoot Bambi except with a camera. Trees get lonely too, so we'll give him a little friend. We'll lay all these little funky little things in there.

# Installation Instructions

🚫explain how to install the required dependencies to get this project up and running with yarn and NPM

'npm install @ant-design/icons' for UserIcon

## Other Scripts

🚫replace these examples with your own

    * build - creates a build of the application
    * start - starts the production server after a build is created
    * test - runs tests in **tests** directory \* eject - copy the configuration files and dependencies into the project so you have full control over them

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Please note we have a [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Issue/Bug Request

**If you are having an issue with the existing project code, please submit a bug report under the following guidelines:**

- Check first to see if your issue has already been reported.
- Check to see if the issue has recently been fixed by attempting to reproduce the issue using the latest master branch in the repository.
- Create a live example of the problem.
- Submit a detailed bug report including your environment & browser, steps to reproduce the issue, actual and expected outcomes, where you believe the issue is originating from, and any potential solutions you have considered.

### Feature Requests

We would love to hear from you about new features which would improve this app and further the aims of our project. Please provide as much detail and information as possible to show us why you think your new feature should be implemented.

### Pull Requests

If you have developed a patch, bug fix, or new feature that would improve this app, please submit a pull request. It is best to communicate your ideas with the developers first before investing a great deal of time into a pull request to ensure that it will mesh smoothly with the project.

Remember that this project is licensed under the MIT license, and by submitting a pull request, you agree that your work will be, too.

#### Pull Request Guidelines

- Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, including new plist variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
- Ensure that your code conforms to our existing code conventions and test coverage.
- Include the relevant issue number, if applicable.
- You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

## Documentation

See [Backend Documentation](🚫*link to your backend API SWAGGER DOCS here*) for details on the backend of our project.

Commit message:

added second user feature and front end app url, also added placeholder url for frontend readme in /src

README.md, after:

# Basic SPA

For steps on how to work with this repository [please see here](https://docs.labs.lambdaschool.com/labs-spa-starter/)

🚫 Note: All lines that start with 🚫 are instructions and should be deleted before this is posted to your first Pull-Request is merged. This is intended to be a guideline. Feel free to add your own flare to it.

# Apollo Team B

You can find the deployed project at [Apollo](https://b.apollox.dev/).

## Contributors

🚫Add contributor info below, make sure add images and edit the social links for each member. Add to or delete these place-holders as needed

|                                                      [Nick Myers](https://github.com/nicholas-myers)                                                       |                                                       [Justin Lohner](https://github.com/jslohner)                                                        |                                                      [Student 3](https://github.com/)                                                       |                                                       [Student 4](https://github.com/)                                                        |                                                      [Student 5](https://github.com/)                                                       |
| :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| [<img src="https://www.dalesjewelers.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/placeholder-silhouette-male.png" width = "200" />](https://github.com/) | [<img src="https://www.dalesjewelers.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/placeholder-silhouette-female.png" width = "200" />](https://github.com/) | [<img src="https://www.dalesjewelers.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/placeholder-silhouette-male.png" width = "200" />](https://github.com/) | [<img src="https://www.dalesjewelers.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/placeholder-silhouette-female.png" width = "200" />](https://github.com/) | [<img src="https://www.dalesjewelers.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/10/placeholder-silhouette-male.png" width = "200" />](https://github.com/) |
|                                [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/)                                |                            [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/honda0306)                             |                          [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/Mister-Corn)                           |                          [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/NandoTheessen)                           |                           [<img src="https://github.com/favicon.ico" width="15"> ](https://github.com/wvandolah)                            |
|                [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                |                 [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                 |                [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                |                 [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                 |                [ <img src="https://static.licdn.com/sc/h/al2o9zrvru7aqj8e1x2rzsrca" width="15"> ](https://www.linkedin.com/)                |

<br>
<br>

🚫 Optional examples of using images with links for your tech stack, make sure to change these to fit your project

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/doctrine/orm.svg)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-v16.7.0--alpha.2-blue.svg)
![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)

🚫 more info on using badges [here](https://github.com/badges/shields)

- Fork and clone the repo to install it as your own remote.
  - **note** please [be sure to set your remote](https://help.github.jp/enterprise/2.11/user/articles/changing-a-remote-s-url/) for this repo to point to your Labs Team Front End Repository.
- run: `npm install` to download all dependencies.
- run: `npm start` to start your local development server.

> When using Okta for authentication, the app will need to run locally on port 3000.

### Key Features

- A user can view a dashboard.
- A user can create a new topic.
- feature three
- feature four
- feature five

#### Front end deployed to `🚫insert service here`

#### [Back end](🚫link to back end repo here) built using:

#### 🚫 back end framework goes here

- point one
- point two
- point three

🚫 List the rest of the back end end features and libraries in the same format as the framework above

# APIs

## OKTA

Using Okta for frontend. Researching how to use on backend with Java.

## Misc API here

🚫Replace text below with a description of the API

You can do anything your heart can imagine. In life you need colors. This is where you take out all your hostilities and frustrations. It's better than kicking the puppy dog around and all that so. I'm sort of a softy, I couldn't shoot Bambi except with a camera. Trees get lonely too, so we'll give him a little friend. We'll lay all these little funky little things in there.

# Installation Instructions

🚫explain how to install the required dependencies to get this project up and running with yarn and NPM

'npm install @ant-design/icons' for UserIcon

## Other Scripts

🚫replace these examples with your own

    * build - creates a build of the application
    * start - starts the production server after a build is created
    * test - runs tests in **tests** directory \* eject - copy the configuration files and dependencies into the project so you have full control over them

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue, email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Please note we have a [code of conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). Please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Issue/Bug Request

**If you are having an issue with the existing project code, please submit a bug report under the following guidelines:**

- Check first to see if your issue has already been reported.
- Check to see if the issue has recently been fixed by attempting to reproduce the issue using the latest master branch in the repository.
- Create a live example of the problem.
- Submit a detailed bug report including your environment & browser, steps to reproduce the issue, actual and expected outcomes, where you believe the issue is originating from, and any potential solutions you have considered.

### Feature Requests

We would love to hear from you about new features which would improve this app and further the aims of our project. Please provide as much detail and information as possible to show us why you think your new feature should be implemented.

### Pull Requests

If you have developed a patch, bug fix, or new feature that would improve this app, please submit a pull request. It is best to communicate your ideas with the developers first before investing a great deal of time into a pull request to ensure that it will mesh smoothly with the project.

Remember that this project is licensed under the MIT license, and by submitting a pull request, you agree that your work will be, too.

#### Pull Request Guidelines

- Update the README.md with details of changes to the interface, including new plist variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.
- Ensure that your code conforms to our existing code conventions and test coverage.
- Include the relevant issue number, if applicable.
- You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

## Documentation

See [Backend Documentation](🚫*link to your backend API SWAGGER DOCS here*) for details on the backend of our project.
See [Frontend Documentation](link to front end readme in /src) for details on the frontend of our project.
